I had a visual problem where the screen looked wrong when moving left and right. 
The bug was not difficult to fix, it took me about 20 min to figure it out, and
I had to change about 5 lines of code in draw_vert_line.

I had a visual problem with status bar, the bar was flashing at the top. The bug
was somewhat difficult to fix, took me about 1-2 hours, and I had to fix the 
starting address of the logical window (1 line of code).

I had a problem where when scrolling down, I was not able to scroll down all the
way. This issue took me about 30 minutes to fix. The fix was one line, changing
IMAGE_Y_DIM to 182.

I had a problem with the status bar, where instead of displaying the correct text,
the screen showed lots of random drawings that clearly were incorrect. This bug
was somewhat difficult to fix, as it took be about an hour. The bug was fixed by
changing/editing around 20 lines in my text_to_graphics function.

I had an issue where the text was not appearing centered like I wanted it to be.
Instead, the text was towards the left of the screen, but not all the way at the
left, which is not what I wanted. This bug was probably the most difficult for me
to fix. It took me about 3-4 hours and I had to rewrite most of my text_to_graphics
function, and some of my show_status_bar function (50 lines of code approximately).

I had a problem when scrolling left and right, the status bar would shift weirdly,
when it was supposed to stay steady. This fix was somewhat tricky, as it took me
about an hour or two to find the bug, and the fix was rather simple, just
adjusting some logic with what planes were being written (about 5 lines of code).

I had a visual problem where the text was displaying at the wrong location in the
status bar when I was printing the room and the typed message. This bug was pretty
easy to fix, since I just had to adjust some logic in the string I was sending
into the text_to_graphics function. It took about 30 minutes, and the fix was
about 10 lines of code.